docs: Add JUnit5 examples for TestBench9 (#1865)
vaadin/docs: articles/testing/selenium.adoc

For more usage scenarios, you can see the official https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/webdriver/elements/[Selenium doc].

> == Selenium-Jupiter extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Selenium-Jupiter Extension
```

https://bonigarcia.dev/selenium-jupiter/[Selenium-Jupiter] is a JUnit5 extension that can be used to initialize, run and manage browser based tests.

> Combining TestBench with Selenium-Jupiter is straightforward, like in example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Combining TestBench with Selenium-Jupiter is shown in the following example:
```
